temp: 0.7 
repetitions: 5 
Nature/IMG_8931.jpg:TALL RED ORANGE BEACH WITH A BREE IN HAST OF A MOUNTAIN A picture of a place in the mountains. A view of a mountain range with several small boulders on it.  A view of a valley with several ferns of flowers in the foreground.  A rocky landscape with some very colorful flowers.
Nature/DJI_0737.jpg:a tree with a flower in the middle of it LITTLE GRAWS RUNING ON THE GRASS OF THE GRASS A bench with flowers surrounding it, near a bush. A garden of green plants sitting by a bench. BRUSH IN THE GRASS OF A GREEN LAND
Nature/IMG_7740.jpg:A train is going down the tracks with mountains in the background. A photo of a bridge in the mountains. hundreds of animals on a river in the mountains The view from a river with a couple of buildings in the background. A river with many plants dying in it.
Nature/1P1A6729.jpg:ENTRELLISTS PLAY IN THE WOOD WATER  A waterfall with many leaves to it and a man is walking near by. A waterfall is red and black in a city. A group of people on a river bank with a waterfall in the background. A waterfall that is flowing under a waterfall.
Nature/IMG_7525.jpg:A view of a bench in a valley looking down. FRONT OF A VERY LARGE TREE WITH A VERY LARGE TREE A bench is sitting in the middle of a rocky area.  A boat docked on a rocky cliff overlooking a valley hilien sitting down by a stone wall in front of a forest.
Nature/DJI_0393.jpg:foreains in a river next to a body of water. A lake with trees and water underneath it. A river valley with a large body of water. a view of a river with some boats on it. by the water a boat is floating near the river
Nature/IMG_7723.jpg:hills are blooming over the valley during the day.  A view of a valley from across the river. A view of a scenic mountain from the top of a mountain. A view of a valley with a waterfall and mountains in the background. A view of mountains and mountains in the distance
Nature/IMG_8754.jpg:A view of a mountain range from a distant man.  There are many animals grazing on top of the mountains  THE ROCK IS LANDING ON THE BEACH  Oddly-mathes are on a rocky mountain top in the distance. A man squatting on a hillside overlooking a mountain range
Nature/hawaii-2022_52110022384_o.jpg:A view of a rocky valley with a rocky cliff. looks like there are two birds that are standing on the rocks A rocky cliff with a few stone structures and a mountain in the distance. OF THE ROCK CUTTING GROUND WITH A BIG CITY WAY  THIS IS A PICTURE OF A SURFBOARD WITH A WATER ON THE BEACH
Nature/DJI_0826.jpg:A picture of a landscape of a lake with mountains in the background. A picture of a valley with a dog and surfboard in it. A person relaxing in a beautiful blue pool A person laying on a surfboard in the water. A large body of water with surfboards floating on the water
Nature/DJI_0189.jpg:a mountain covered in snow with trees around.  image of the outside of a park with trees A lot of animals that are standing in the snow. There is a snow covered landscape with trees and shrubs a herd of sheep graze in a field of snowy ground.
Nature/IMG_7438.jpg:A view of a river with a man on a surfboard. A busy river with many trees and a large amount of people. A river with many trees and a bridge in the background. A black spring river with a bridge over it A view of a river from behind a bridge.
Nature/DJI_0662.jpg:A blurry photo of a valley with a train ERE IS A WHITE SKY THAT IS STANDING UNDER THE HIGHWAY A cow perches on the dusty ground near the water.  A picture of a valley with a train passing through. A view of a group of cows with a few clouds in the background.
Nature/1P1A6486.jpg:A bird walks through a clearing of flowers. A lone animal sitting in a tree surrounded by leaves.  a tree in the background with a bird perched on the top A duck is drinking water from a pond near a forest. A bird is in the water near a bush
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0655.jpg:is an image of a river with a lake in the background.   THE VIEW OF A ROAD WITH A GRAZING BIKE ON THE TOP There is a fire hydrant in the middle of the water. look at a river with a lake and a bright background.  a sunrise shot of a lake with trees in the background.
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0508.jpg:A view from the water with boats and trees. 90 degrees are pictured on a beach near a lake forests and a river in the background with a sunset A lighthouse at the base of a hill arrow is in front of a sunset with mountains and mountains in the background.
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0487.jpg:trees are growing out of the water near the water. A view of a lake with boats and a light. a lake with several different kinds of plants on it A view of a sunset over the beach. The water is calm and the sun is setting.
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0636.jpg:along the shore of a beautiful lake with beautiful water.     a river with a large body of water next to the lake.  are some water in the distance  hump of water and a bridge in the distance A view from a boat on a lake near the water.
Photo_Portfolio/hawaii-2022_52110283835_o.jpg:A mountain trail with trees near the water. A sunset view of a mountain with a small stream and mountains The picture of a scenic view of a valley. A view of a scenic view of a mountain with trees in the background. sailboat traveling across the icy water on a clear day
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0345.jpg:A bayfront with several pier umbrellas in the background A photo of a sandy beach with waves and clouds. view of an outdoor area with a beach, two benches and a light. A view of a beach with boats parked on it  The boardwalk of the beach with boats docked and a large body of water
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0195.jpg:There is a mountain on the far side of the lake. A photo of a nice park with lots of water.   water and mountains in a park with sunset and clouds. A lot of green grass on the side of a hill.  The view from below of a hill overlooking a lake.
Photo_Portfolio/hawaii-2022_52108749967_o.jpg:A view of the mountains and mountains through a cloudy sky. The mountains are reflecting a valley in the distance. ERE IS AN IMAGE OF A SURFBOARD THAT IS WALKING ON THE GRAND A view of mountains and mountains with a sky background A close up view of a mountain range with clouds and mountains
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0204.jpg:A landscape of a beautiful sunset with a sun shining on. OUGHRAFFIC WINDOW WITH A FIRE IN THE GROUND ERE IS A CITY WITH A LOT OF TRAFFIC IN THE WOODS a view of some tall grass and mountains from the mountainside. A foreground of a mountain range with a large mountain in the background.
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0489.jpg:a view of a city with lots of boats and buildings in the background. look at a dock and a large house with a red sky and clouds  sunset at dusk with a boat on a lake look at a lake with lots of water and a boat. A view of a lake and clouds over a city.
Photo_Portfolio/IMG_1311.jpg:forecast from the water at sunset with a boat in the background. There are some boats on the water and a big sky behind them. ERE IS A SURGE THAT IS IN THE WATER A boat sailing across the water next to a beach. There is a long line of sail boats in the water
Photo_Portfolio/DJI_0934.jpg:A sun shining over the beach near a beach. REAS IS A SURFBOARD ON THE WAST OF THE BEACH REAL CHILDREN WAVING ON THE BEACH A sunset behind a body of water at sunset. reached image of the sun in a cloudy, cloudy sky
